You know, downward-facing dog comes from
the Sanskrit phrase adho mukha svanasana.
Oh, that's beautiful. What does it mean?
"Downward-facing dog."
Yeah, I guess they don't have Sanskrit
for "butts up and heads down."
Hey, we wrote the Kama Sutra.
If it involves butts,
there's a word for it.
I thought we were getting breakfast
before work.
Oh, right, sorry.
It's my fault,
I asked Penny to do yoga with me.
You know, if you want,
I can get ready in five minutes.
It's cute that you think that.
Don't worry about it.
Hey, can I ask a favor?
Would you mind taking Cinnamon for a walk?
Sure. You're living here for free,
I guess I owe you.
Bye, Cinnamon, be a good girl.
- Yeah, bye, sweetie.
- Bye.
Yeah, yeah, bye, Leonard.
Okay, and tree pose.
Well, she's done.
Things have been going really well
with the infinite persistence gyroscope.
That's great, how so?
Oh, the project is classified,
I can't tell you.
Oh, I suppose I could redact
the classified parts.
All right.
Um, I came up with an elegant solution
to the reduction of scale problem.
I used the nonlinear dynamics...
...and then I generated flow vortices...
...using a higher temperature
Bose-Einstein condensate,
and that did it.
Wow. Wonder what they're redacting.
Why don't you ask me what I'm working on?
Oh, very well.
What have you been working on?
And feel free to honk
during the boring parts.
I'm doing some experiments
to show that the signal to move a muscle
occurs before you know
you even decided to move it.
What... So you're attempting to pinpoint
where consciousness resides in the brain?
Yes. I'm trying to figure out,
to the nanometer and the attosecond,
precisely where and when
an event of awareness takes place.
Well, what do you know?
Here I was,
waiting to be bored with biology,
and instead,
you tickle my intellectual fancy.
Which, unlike my body,
is an okay place to tickle.
You know, when I was six,
I wanted to marry the gorilla
from Good Night, Gorilla.
Maybe I was onto something.
Gentlemen, the most interesting thing
just happened with this spoon.
Unless it was singing Be our Guest,
I doubt it.
No, I picked it up
without thinking about it,
which raises a neuroscientific question.
When did I decide to pick it up?
The bigger question is,
what are you gonna eat with that spoon?
You didn't get any food.
He does raise an interesting point.
Amy is studying the time lag
between intent and awareness,
and I realized that applies to the
measurement problem in quantum mechanics.
Now, I recognize there will be a time lag
between me saying that and you googling
what it means, so I'll wait.
I understand it, Sheldon.
Yeah, me, too.
I'm sorry, I spaced.
Are we still talking about the spoon?
It's nice to see you taking an interest
in Amy's work.
Well, don't get me wrong,
neurobiology is nothing more than
the science of gray squishy stuff.
But you know, when it connects to physics,
"Gas up the Ford, Martha,
we're going for a drive!"
So, did you confront Jennifer?
No, I was going to,
but she called in sick.
And guess who else called in sick.
- Paul?
- Paul.
Who's Paul?
Oh, you met him at the office
Christmas party, he's married to Nancy.
Oh, sure. Wait, Nancy?
I bet Jennifer gets a promotion
out of this, which is so unfair,
because I work twice as hard as she does.
Don't worry, Jerry won't be fooled
by that type of behavior.
- Jerry?
- Wait.
It didn't work for Randy,
it didn't work for Tina,
it sure as hell
isn't gonna work for Jennifer.
Well, I hope not. I just hate
when people play those kinds of games.
Tina?
With your sales record,
you have nothing to worry about.
Hmm.
I went to your office Christmas party?
You know, I like harp lessons,
but I'm thinking of
switching to elevator repair lessons.
What are you working on?
I was thinking about your experiment
on the neuroscience of decision-making,
and I realized, if we connect it to the
measurement problem in quantum mechanics,
we have a chance to disprove
the role of consciousness
in the Copenhagen interpretation.
Wait, are you saying if we combine
my experiment with your calculations,
we can determine
the precise moment in time
when the wave function collapses?
It could be the most inspired combination
since I mixed red Icee into my blue Icee.
It was like drinking
two-sevenths of the rainbow.
Sheldon, this is really interesting.
Yeah, and this one
won't stain my teeth purple.
You know, we've
never collaborated professionally before.
Are you worried
it might affect our relationship?
That is a valid point.
Oh. Perhaps we should establish
some ground rules.
Well, that would make me feel better.
All right, let's start right now.
Uh, rule number one,
no using sexuality to get your way.
That's a ridiculous rule.
Is it?
Okay, how is that?
I can actually feel
the toxins being pulled out of my skin.
Well, this is a moisturizing mask.
Ah, well, then I can actually feel
the moisture going into my skin.
Hey, I hope you don't mind, I used
a little of your eye cream last night.
I thought someone looked
brighter and tighter.
Still like to know who Jerry is.
No, don't worry about it. Hey, after this,
how about we all go out
and do something together?
That would be great, thank you.
You wanna go shopping?
Ooh! Yes, fun!
Or we could do something we'll all enjoy,
like play a board game.
Oh, I believe I've made some progress
on our ground rules.
Oh, good. What are they?
Okay. Uh, number one, in matters
of physics, I have the final say.
Now, in matters of neuroscience,
you have the final say.
Unless I disagree.
Oh, here. Number two, when we publish,
my name goes first.
Oh, subsequently, if we win any awards,
I speak first.
I don't want to be talking
when the orchestra plays us off.
- Can I see that?
- Of course.
I'll get that back.
Like all my underwear, that notebook says,
"Property of Sheldon Cooper."
Sheldon, if we're gonna have ground rules,
I'll tell you the first ground rule.
I make the ground rules.
I'd write that down,
but I can't now, can I?
I mean, they didn't say anything,
but I just kinda felt
like I was being a weird third wheel.
Oh. So you can tell
what that feels like. Interesting.
Anyway, I figured I can hang out
with my friends and have fun, too.
Well, if your idea of fun is riding
in a minivan to Target for diapers,
things are about to get nuts.
Oh, it's just nice to be with people
who are happy to have me around.
Isn't that right, Halley?
At least someone had the courage
to say it.
Thank you, you are a good citizen.
Told you!
Go ahead, throw my underwear
out the window, same thing's gonna happen.
Terrific. Do you wanna hear
our new set of ground rules?
Fire away.
Number one, we're on the same team,
we're not in competition.
That's smart,
because Sheldon one, Amy zero.
Number two,
disagreements can happen politely,
there's no need to call an idea stupid.
Oh... Someone drew a penis in it.
- Are you listening?
- I'm sorry, go ahead.
Number three, to avoid getting frustrated,
we take built-in breaks
and reward our successes
with a small treat.
Ooh, that sounds fun.
Now, we're talking
about real treats, right?
Not Bible verses,
like my mother used to give me.
Whatever you want.
So, shall we get to work?
Biology and physics coming together?
It's like
the peanut butter cup of the mind.
Oh, I know what I want my treat to be!
Wow. Look at that.
Yes, this is remarkable.
So we're agreed, it's complete garbage.
By the way, your name can go first.
I mean, I'm glad they're getting along,
but it's starting
to make me uncomfortable.
Well, are you worried
he's like another man in her life?
A little, until I saw them
in matching tops, so...
Nice, 174 diapers.
That ought to get us to Wednesday.
Well, have you talked to them about it?
What am I supposed to say?
"Stop having fun without me"?
This one says that every time I go out.
See? I listen to you.
Look, Raj just gets along with women.
Yeah, I know, but he was my friend first.
It's like she's stealing him
and they're just having the best time
doing all their dumb girly stuff together.
You sure you don't fit in?
You sound like a catty bitch to me.
I don't know where we went wrong.
The math is so inelegant,
I'm not even sure it makes sense.
Well, don't give up, maybe we can fix it.
Can you stop breathing so loud?
I can hear your nose whistling.
I can hear your face talking,
so we're even.
All right, either blow your nose
or teach it to play Camptown Races.
Fine. Fine, you want me to blow my nose?
Here, I'll blow it.
Better?
No, I can still hear it.
Oh, wait, that's me.
Never mind, it's fine.
You know, you're exhausting!
I knew working together was a bad idea.
Hold on. I see what's wrong here.
We did the propagation
only to the occipital lobe,
not to the prefrontal cortex.
That would mean that this delay parameter
should be increased 250 milliseconds.
Oh. That is much better.
Boy, if good ideas came out of your brain
the way mucus comes out of your nose,
we'd be in good shape.
Now, take a sip,
swirl it around your mouth,
and try to notice the flavors,
the tannins, the textures.
Well?
I probably should've
spit out my gum first.
Yeah. You know, the last couple of weeks
have been pretty rough,
but staying here with you guys
has really helped take my mind off of it.
Well, we've loved having you around.
Right, sweetie?
- Leonard?
- Yeah, when did he leave?
Yeah, that's rude.
You know,
it's nice to spend time with people
who don't talk about work
like it's some kind of soap opera.
Jennifer still trying
to sleep her way to the top?
Yeah.
You should be happy someone wants to
do the stuff with Penny you don't want to.
Yeah, I wish I had that with Howard.
What? What do I make you do?
Let's see, the magic store,
the Doctor Who convention,
the National Belt Buckle Collectors
meet-and-greet.
It said right there on the invitation,
"Buckle up for fun!"
It's not my fault you didn't listen.
I'm sure I'm overreacting.
You're entitled to feel how you feel.
If you don't like it,
you should just talk to her.
I don't want to sound like a jealous baby.
Oh. Then maybe you shouldn't talk to her.
You know, I had a feeling you were using
the wrong computational model,
but I didn't say anything
'cause you're so sensitive!
Just because I'm easily bothered
by light, heat, sound, smell
and the way birds look at me
does not mean I'm sensitive!
Hey.
I wonder what kind of success we'd have
if we defined "measurement"
as the first moment
that an action potential
is seen by the visual cortex.
That is a daring and insightful solution.
We're finally making progress.
I wish we could do it without fighting.
What if the fighting is the reason
we're making progress?
I suppose it's conceivable
that the hormones associated
with our fight-or-flight response
could be sharpening
our cognitive processes.
Well, if that's the case,
then your grandparents mumble
and have bad posture.
How dare you speak that way
about my Grammy and...
Hey, wait a second, wait.
Delta T could equal alpha subzero.
It seems we have a choice to make.
Abandon all ground rules
in the name of science,
or give up collaborating
for the sake of our relationship.
There's only one clear choice.
- Science it is.
- No, you bonehead!
Name-calling, that is perfect!
Now, when I get to this equation here,
really let me have it.
Now, it... If it helps,
I'm not the sharpest dresser.
Anyway, I know it's silly,
but since Raj moved in,
I've been feeling a little left out.
Well, sweetie, that's crazy.
No, no, Penny, don't dismiss his feelings.
- Thank you. I just feel like...
- Hang on.
I'm not saying
that his feelings aren't crazy,
I just don't want him to think
that this isn't a safe place.
Well, to be truthful, lately...
Well,
why wouldn't this be a safe place?
I mean, he's surrounded by his wife
and one of his best friends.
- I don't wanna speak for Leonard.
- Thank you. I...
But when you're insecure,
no amount of external validation
can ever make you feel safe.
Yeah, you're right. You know,
you're really sensitive
about this kind of stuff.
- I'm a good listener.
- Yeah.
Hey, Olsen twins.
- What?
- Well,
I'm sitting right here!
You're talking about my feelings
and somehow leaving me
out of the conversation!
I'm sorry, what did you want to say?
I don't know, you pretty much covered it.
Can you read them back?
Revised ground rule number one,
we are on the same team,
but it is a competition.
Excellent. Excellent.
Now, on a related point,
you're going down, punk.
Revised ground rule number two,
there are definitely stupid questions
and those who ask them can be told so
right to their stupid face.
I love that one.
Thanks, babe.
Number three,
fair topics for insult include
educational pedigree, scientific field,
intellectual prowess and mamas.
That list is strong.
Like your mother's urge
to be promiscuous with sailors.
English - SDH